Update Appx cmdlets for WS2022 (#2563)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-powershell-docs: docset/winserver2022-ps/appx/Add-AppxPackage.md

Add-AppxPackage -Path "C:\Users\user1\Desktop\MyApp.msixbundle" -OptionalPackages "29270sandstorm.OptionalPackage1_gah1vdar1nn7a"
```

This command adds an app package along with its optional packages. It is an atomic operation which means that if the app or its optional packages fail to install, the deployment operation will be aborted

### Example 5: Install only the required section of a streaming app
```powershell
Add-AppxPackage -Path "C:\Users\user1\Desktop\MyApp.msixbundle" -RequiredContentGroupOnly
```

This command adds an app package but only installs the required section of a streaming app. Calling this command again without the RequiredContentGroupOnly flag proceeds to install the rest of the application in the order defined by the AppxContentGroupMap.xml

## PARAMETERS

### -AllowUnsigned

Allows adding an unsigned package.

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: AddSet
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -AppInstallerFile
Runs an appinstaller file and allows the user to install all of the defined packages with a single click.

> For more information, see [Create an App Installer file manually](https://github.com/microsoftdocs/msix-docs/blob/master/msix-src/app-installer/how-to-create-appinstaller-file.md).

Reviewer: Shouldn't this link be `/windows/msix/app-installer/how-to-create-appinstaller-file` ?

Reviewer 2: @get-itips - nice catch. Agree.

Author: Thanks for the feedback. I made the link relative.

> For more information, see [Create an App Installer file manually](https://github.com/microsoftdocs/msix-docs/blob/master/msix-src/app-installer/how-to-create-appinstaller-file.md).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For more information, see [Create an App Installer file manually](/windows/msix/app-installer/how-to-create-appinstaller-file).
```

Reviewer 3: Although it's tempting, do not shorten links in cmdlet reference topics. Although the shortened links will work on the web, when the topics are converted into XML and checked into code for help at the command line, the shortened links will not work; only the full and complete URL will work.
Because of this, you'll notice that there's no rule in the office-docs-powershell repo suggesting shortened links.
Resource:
https://github.com/MicrosoftDocs/office-docs-powershell/pull/8231#issuecomment-903925410

Should it apply to this repo?

Author: Thanks for the feedback. 

Hi @dariomws, @JohanFreelancer9 is right. If the article exists in docs.microsoft.com, use a relative link. You can make the link relative by removing the https://docs.microsoft.com from the beginning.

I've made the change. Thanks for the help.

Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -StubPackageOption

Defines the stub behavior for an app package that is being added or staged.
The acceptable values
for this parameter are:
- Default: Uses the default behavior
- InstallFull: Installs as a full app
- InstallStub: Installs as a stub app

> - UsePreference: Uses the current [PackageSubPreference](https://docs.microsoft.com/uwp/api/windows.management.deployment.packagestubpreference) for the package.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- UsePreference: Uses the current [PackageSubPreference](/uwp/api/windows.management.deployment.packagestubpreference) for the package
```
